README.md, before:

# Simple Token Launch
[ ![Codeship Status for skmgoldin/simple-token-launch](https://app.codeship.com/projects/5392ad30-6041-0135-6b30-4614bcb67ade/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/239399)

This codebase can be used to deploy fixed-price, finite-supply token sales. It uses json conf files to specify sale parameters, supports token distributions for pre-sale buyers, and the distribution of timelocked tokens for founders. It also includes a comprehensive test suite.

# Initialize
This was developed using Node 7.5.0, Truffle 3.2.4 and TestRPC 3.0.5.

```
npm install
truffle compile
```

# Running the tests
`npm run test`

# Composition of the repo
The repo is composed as a Truffle project. The test suite can be found in `test/sale.json`. The sale contract is in `contracts/Sale.sol`. The deployment scripts are in the `migrations` folder.

The Sale contract deploys the token contract, disburses funds to pre-sale purchasers and then deploys timelock contracts to store the founders tokens. `Disbursement.sol` and `Filter.sol` comprise the timelock contracts. Two `Disbursement.sol` contracts are deployed which unlock funds at a particular date. The `Filter.sol` contracts sit in front of them and allow particular addresses to withdraw particular amounts of funds.

Config files where magic numbers can be fiddled with are in the `conf` directory.

Commit message:

Major refactor of tests
This large commit refactors the way tests are run from targeting
specially committed conf files for testing to the same conf files as
those which will be deployed in production. See the README for a
description of some of the limitations of this. A nice side-effect is
that the migration script is a lot cleaner now.

README.md, after:

# Simple Token Launch
[ ![Codeship Status for skmgoldin/simple-token-launch](https://app.codeship.com/projects/5392ad30-6041-0135-6b30-4614bcb67ade/status?branch=master)](https://app.codeship.com/projects/239399)

This codebase can be used to deploy fixed-price, finite-supply token sales. It uses json conf files to specify sale parameters, supports token distributions for pre-sale buyers, and the distribution of timelocked tokens for founders. It also includes a comprehensive test suite.

# Initialize
This was developed using Node 8.2.1, Truffle 3.4.5 and TestRPC 4.0.1.

```
npm install -g truffle
npm install
truffle compile
```

# The tests
To run the tests, simply `npm run test`.

The parameters tested are the same as those which will be deployed. This means the tests can take a very long time if your start block is up in the millions, and some tests will be skipped if signing keys cannot be unlocked for the required accounts, particularly the final test block for the founder timelocking mechanisms. The `owner` address in `sale.json` must be the first address generated by the mnemonic in `secrets.json`.

# Composition of the repo
The repo is composed as a Truffle project. The test suite can be found in `test/sale.json`. The sale contract is in `contracts/Sale.sol`. The deployment scripts are in the `migrations` folder.

The Sale contract deploys the token contract, disburses funds to pre-sale purchasers and then deploys timelock contracts to store the founders tokens. `Disbursement.sol` and `Filter.sol` comprise the timelock contracts. Two `Disbursement.sol` contracts are deployed which unlock funds at a particular date. The `Filter.sol` contracts sit in front of them and allow particular addresses to withdraw particular amounts of funds.

Config files where the parameters of your own sale can be filled in are in the `conf` directory.
